hello everybody welcome to the first fan
scription podcast I am Walter Binet
dziak and I must break you
I'm Rob Rob Rob Walker channel awesome
sure oh great are you on this poster
yeah Santa Christ is back there
somewhere
well a couple months ago now it's been a
little while since we had the first
episode of a transcription up there I
wanted to put it out in conjunction with
rocky to or with a debt that would be a
long time ago like two three to thirty
years well yeah the transcription for
Rocky for what Apollo Creed didn't die
in rocky for went up in November to
coincide with Cretu they came out then
and I've gotten a lot of pretty positive
response and I'm glad you guys enjoyed
it for the most part it's a series that
Rob and I and hopefully some other
people in channel awesome will be able
to do more up here as we go along and
along with every episode of fan
scription comes the fan scription
podcast where we get to go into more
depth about the things that we change
and also give our thoughts on the
original movie and such like that so
first of all rocky for a lot of people
love that movie even though it's not
exactly
maybe the technically the best rocky
film no Jerry I know
see that's exactly what I'm talking
about so I came out in 1985 it's still
the highest-grossing Rocky movie
probably because of the cold war themes
of rocky basically take no it's because
it's legitimately the best it's
legitimately the best well talk to me
about your experience with rocky for Rob
um okay I can't say it's legitimately I
was like this it is entertaining
it is legitimately the most entertaining
I feel like it's also the shortest yeah
I didn't I am I the only one who's late
is there's someone like 90 minutes yeah
and and the Rocky films very good god
what I really sit down and like parse
out some time to actually watch him but
rocky for you can put that thing on and
you're done like right away it's just
right
it just goes by but it I don't know I
for me it's it is the very definition of
a movie that it's so bad it's good right
and I can't argue there's there's no art
to it except maybe the chiseling of
Dolph Lundgren's amazing body but apart
from that sometimes like the 70 montages
in that movie you didn't think well
their 80s montages right my friend right
yeah sure on an 80s montage level like
rocky for kind of set the standard but
it I ain't claiming it's high art here
but it's entertaining as hell
entertaining it is but I don't know I
just find the movie so funny and it is
such a time capsule of the oh yes you
know very the Gorbachev at the end
giving the slow clap and I'm like yeah
that's gonna happen you know and right
postive igorevich job and then you never
say I don't know who the Russian the
Russian premier is a man most of the
Politburo looking on yeah I don't know
it the generals or whatever all is
standing there looking angry there and I
think my favorite thing is the very
shaky moral foundation the whole film is
based on where rocky gets up at the very
end is like oh give this speech about
how we should go get together after I
just beat the living shit out of this
guy just like that he said I just got
done killing each other but I guess
that's better than 20 million great day
yes it was very Jesus yes rocky
sacrificed himself and Ivan Drago
sacrifice himself he's brought us right
for our sins so that we wouldn't commit
nuclear war that was the movie but but
no the movie the movies hilarious I love
it it's the rocky for the robot I mean
that's so even though everyone remembers
the most but I well that's because they
because that's when you sat there is a
kid and watch it on the big screen
around VHS and I saw them basically in
order and the second that frickin robot
came out even as like a ten or eleven
year old however old
I remember there was a queue I said the
second that happened I remember thinking
even with my childlike brain sums that
right there something like whatever
seriousness the original movie said I'm
like nom this got ridiculous and the
thing is I'm not against the idea that
Rocky has become so drunk on his money
cuz I thought that was a very good point
that the movie was making that now he's
sitting here in his fancy-ass mansion
and like but a robot it was just very
much it's the 80s robots are in like I
just I just couldn't just freaking
couldn't happy birthday Polly and then
he turns into his girlfriend later which
is a whole nother story but the fact of
the matter is Rob there's a robot in
this movie and that's amazing that just
makes it stand out I mean like not even
just that I mean you're talking about
the whole tone of it and it's just
drenched in like this 80s
time capsule like you're talking about
everything about it is so over-the-top
and crazy and when you to get out yeah
but when you talk about where rocky came
from it's this small movie and even to I
feel like is very similar to one in this
sense where it's just like this small
movie about character and about how
people go through different things and
how they process losing or winning or
you know where they're gonna end up in
their life and stuff like you want to
bring art and write and but the other
movies are like that two three even is
kind of like that I feel like three is
halfway between the first two and four
where there's a law that popcorn
craziness like I'm fighting Hulk Hogan
and there's also the great character
stuff with like with Mickey and Apollo
and my friend the 80s took something
that was long ponderous and artsy and
made it better made it so much better
well no I don't I don't I don't disagree
with any of that here's the here's the
the the biggest problem with rocky 4 is
this it is both yeah I gotta say it
objectively speaking it is both the
worst Rocky movie but also one of the
best because it yeah it took everything
the first we were doing chucked it out
the window
but if you look at it in the larger
scheme like picture of what is the
world's most perfect 80s movie
like rocky for I'm like rocky fors got
to be in a top five please I think of
movies like you got movies like commando
some of the Schwarzenegger films but
definitely rocky for us it's like what
are the 80s give me the 80s in one movie
boom rocky for like that's the weird
thing cuz I'm like yeah objectively
you're right it's like one of the least
rocky posers like also give me one of
the best 80s movies I gotta go with
Rocky
no that's the trouble with it it's sad
it dissatisfied and satisfies two
different angles right and I you know
you haven't seen Creed 2 yet I know but
I think the Creed movies in general
especially the second one have retro
actively made rocky core mean a lot more
than a day when I came out because the
biggest problem I had with it which is
you know the main subject of the
transcription video was killing off
Apollo yeah which I still think was just
like this gimmick to get people to come
to eat that I've been there there was
already the stuff of the Soviet Union
and everything so I don't understand why
they just felt so cheap to me hey they
put girls in the fridge they put guys in
the race like that's what they did they
fridge to me he's the reason that rocky
has to go on this van rice quest and
yeah it and it did feel cheap and I'm
like and I we even watching it as a kid
that was just kind of like what right it
just did never quite felt right right
Mickey's death in the third one felt
correct Blake it was a little natural
like that's what would happen for him to
go on that was the first time a big
death like that happened in the series
so it made sense but killing off Apollo
in the way that he did it would just
felt like this over-the-top cautionary
tale sort of with his arc of not being
too proud to admit when you're past your
prime or yeah and any kind of part in
your life you know and this was it just
felt like way too hammered over-the-top
for me even as a kid I was always like
why why kill Apollo it just didn't make
much sense to me Apollo was a great
character yes I just did there may have
been a way to do that plot but the way
they did it in Rocky 4 it was super
cheap I can't deny that which is also
what makes it one of the most perfect
80s movies because they were all about
cheap deaths and right are they to get
you a cop character or a boxer character
or commando to go on
Qwest and that's why it's so weird that
the Creed creed movies Creed 2 in
particular like I said have made the
fourth one better in retrospect because
it birthed you know Adonis Creed both
literally and figuratively that
character who has all this backstory
that we already know mm-hmm from rocky 4
where Apollo died he's this illegitimate
son of Apollo it's a Great backstory
ryan coogler who directed the first film
and also co-wrote the script that had
the idea to do that it's just a great
starting point or something new from
something old so it's just interesting
to see that rocky floor without rocky 4
we wouldn't have gotten the Creed movie
so it's like was it worth it
yeah maybe I think it was I think it was
worth it in the long run it made the
longevity of this series go even farther
but you know what here's what is I and
you're gonna have to thank rocky for for
this I but I yeah I don't think we would
still be seeing Rocky movies via Creed I
don't think we'd be seeing Rocky movies
at all if it wasn't for you're right I
think that idea to try to tap into what
happened in Rocky Horror and stretch
this out was brilliant and it's like
talking about making lemonade out of
lemons right you know much better
tasting lemonade than the lemons were
regular pretty tasty rocky for a bit you
know what we just not good we took
lemonade and we made better lemon dumped
more sugar than its pressure man yeah
it's just I think when you get a chance
to cheat you've seen the first Creed
movie yeah no I love the first Creed
movie I what happened is there are a
number of things I had to see it came
down to basically like go catch a later
show cuz
Creed came out right at the wrong time
around the holidays there's a lot of
busy and they're still there were so
many movies so it was either when I
wanted to catch up on creative is either
go see into the spider-verse
or go see a dollar showing of Creed in a
spider versus I know it's just like
another podcast right I know and I'm
just like I really wanted to see that
and I I don't regret it but that was the
trade-off and then my one last chance
see it would have been over Christmas
break I do think there was a place
somewhere in Michigan showing it yeah
but my six-year-old niece wanted to see
Mary Poppins returns even though I
couldn't I I told her that Creed was
gonna be the better movie my
six-year-old niece is just like Mary
Poppins little girl and I am NOT allowed
back in that house oh no Betty she did
want to see that and honestly I'm not
gonna lie all things considered secretly
I saw but to get back on track I mean
this was this video the original
transcription video was one I really
wanted to do for a long time because I
think they could have made a better
movie just self containing rocky for if
we had Apollo go on and sort of you know
learn from his mistakes and also you
know live with the consequences of what
happened to him that's why I paralyzed
them in there to sort of humiliate him
but make him more of a human character
where he has to go through different
challenges you know we saw him lose to
rocky in the second movie we saw him
take on Rocky's kind of for a selfish
reason in Rocky 3 because he wanted to
train him to be a clubber and then they
had their own fight at the end the
secret fight that we found out that
Apollo 1 I guess the first Creed and we
found out but I just thought it was such
a better character angle to take on him
because he had been escalating since the
first movie and just cutting him off
before I think he really had more chance
to keep going you know I agree
completely now here's an interesting
question what would happen if rocky gets
taken out in the ring and paralyzed
would that be an interesting plot thread
to explore like in a future fan
scription
or whatever aki dies what of rocky I
mean they try to kill him what if they
were bursted yeah what if they reversed
it it's you and like Drago takes out
rocky then Apollo Creed has to go so
rocky for Apollo I mean I could make
that work not to toot my own horn or
anything but I could make that work very
easily I think what do you think do you
think you could make that story work
I'll let you do it
I'm not gonna do that I mean I might
hear they do jockey guy here right we're
talking like I got other films that I
got I got plans for but right yeah if
you think you could do that I just was
sticking to them like any interesting
like what happened to me in Rocky gets
paralyzed I sure like work through his
cuz he's so good
like that's the thing about Rocky for I
know I feel like Rocky movies the one
thing that for a while it was buggy like
I guess Rocky 5 in some ways but it's
like yeah it was a steady stream of like
going up oh it was like what would
happen if rocky like got paralyzed they
had to deal with this like all of us
unlike right he kind of had brain damage
or whatever but they got healed wasn't
any like you think a power that would
have taken over the boxing in Rocky yeah
I think absolutely but they both try to
coach one other guy like I think that
Apollo would have absolutely taken on
the mantle of like the American guy
going after Drago specially his best
friend was hurt in the ring like that
that maybe could have been the original
Creed movie then rocky for Apollo of
rocky for Creed let's see that let's
make that trailer we can do that you get
all those rocky for lovers like me
though just hounding you I I still I
mean I would take rocky for over any
other non rocky movie that's all that's
a fan I mean good of a fan whatever you
want to call it I'll take rocky for a
lot of other 80 yeah I love the movie
that's how much I love the Rocky movies
even like the worst one in my opinion I
would still take over any other non
franchise movie but in any case I mean I
would like to keep going with this story
and explore Rocky 5 where the events of
this fan scription play out and see
where is so where would you go from here
I mean I would like to incorporate a
Donna somehow into it and make Rocky 5
my version of Rocky 5 sort of be about
Rocky's son and rocky and you know the
the way that relationship played out in
Rocky 5 wasn't the worst thing about the
movie I think if we explore that from a
slightly different angle a lot of times
Rocky 5 that was a no and then in a
parallel story explore how Apollo is
first you know adjusting to his new life
of being a wheelchair and sort of you
know doing new things and helping out
people in other ways and sort of giving
back and then Adonis comes into it and
then he has to kind of reconcile with
his wife and his old family and then
also accepting this son a mistake from
his past and now he's kind of a
different person
so how does he do that now here's here's
the interesting thing
yeah where do you go in the long run
with this if Adonis ones become a boxer
do you think Apollo is for this or like
I think or does he is he hell no at
first but then comes around we're
talking about somebody who's been now
completely like disabled you know is
completely wheelchair bound now because
of boxing would he just like don't you
ever even like and then what if rocky
wants to start training him at first and
you know I don't I think rocky would
never go against Apollo's which is an
Apollo was like no don't do it and rocky
would not train him but at the same then
again dream a dream
I do think Apollo could though like be
so full of pride in that son because he
has another son that they never talk
about he has a son or daughter that
we're in Rocky too and he talks about
but we don't ever see them in the Creed
movies but it let's say that Adonis was
as naturally gifted as he is in the
Creed movies would Apollo take to that
and be like this is my new way of sort
of still living on you know is to train
my son and see my son in the ring and
sort of via this or do do you go in his
opposite route and have him want to be a
boxer but it done is at first doesn't
right I'm like a stage dad like forcing
it right but that's I'm saying there's
all these different angles you could
take with it but I mean Adonis would
only be a few years old if I were gonna
do Rocky five anyway so I'm not sure if
you would do I'm talking about loudly
yeah like in terms of like a Rocky six
or something like that but in terms of
just making a rocky v a fan scripts
where hmm interesting can't really like
settle a niche with about because what
what number film is Creed 2 now in 8 so
yeah I mean you you go along you could
go really long I could I mean I'm up to
8 films it could I mean but the fifth
one is one that I have enough ideas on
to to I think I could make another video
out of it and I have get a lot of people
asking me like to keep it going and see
my angle on Rocky 5 so stay tuned
that maybe we'll do that down the road
but that's all for the rocky floor
discussion I wanted to preview our next
van scription video which will hopefully
be going up next week and roms gonna be
takin over this time and what was the
movie that you were gonna be tackling
Return of the Jedi oh I'm gonna wade
into Star Wars fandom like this idiot
that I know so okay I actually have I
have a real soft spot for Return of the
Jedi it is not I don't hate that movie I
honestly think the Luke Vader emperor's
stuff is some of the best things in Star
Wars I agree I I wouldn't change a damn
thing there but everything on the side
in that movies just there's issues the
Jabba scenes make no sense I still don't
know what the hell be their plan was to
get Han out of there all I know is like
they keep messing it up the the Ewoks
everybody talks about the Ewoks and then
my biggest issue just for the main
characters is I feel like han and Leia
get the shaft in that movie so hard sure
they had all this interesting chemistry
and stuff they were building an empire
and then all is it's like I'm happy
working with you now everything's
resolved guess we love each other his
problems with Lando were all over
everybody's had a hunky-dory and then
they fight with teddy bears and I'm like
there's got to be a way where you can
like incorporate much more character to
them and give give Han and Leia like
something to do that's got substance and
depth like they did with Luke I think
Luke's side of the story in that movie
is pitch perfect so I'm like but why
couldn't considering how well they did
all three characters in Empire why can't
they do that with all three there and
then I'm not touching the Ewoks I'm
gonna I'm making things harder too much
no but I'm not gonna I'm making it
harder for myself I've tried if I'm
gonna try to find a way to do this
without ditching the Ewoks entirely so
okay stay tuned you see what happens
look forward to that and even after that
we have a ton of new ones planned we're
hoping to do one a month and then have a
podcast you know pairing with that so we
get transcription videos slash podcast
twice a month so I think that's going to
be a lot of movies to fit yeah there's a
lot of a lot of what-if questions to
answer absolutely
you know we're trying to get it everyone
else from channel also involved too so
you might see Doug or Jim or ion or
Heather or Tamra or Malcolm maybe will
pop up who knows maybe pop a walker over
here will pop up at some point pop
around pop around may the oh god this is
like a Stephen Colbert thing in my papa
bear Papa Walker I know you looked at me
when you said it was like is this your
new nickname I'm reading you your
genetic father
oh my genetic foul again yes he might uh
who knows he's gonna pop up on fan
scription codes the world is our oyster
exactly and also always leave some
suggestions if you guys ever wanted to
see something either fixed or a
different like snow or five in my head
but aunt I bet I don't know so I've got
a few able to look at some and be like
so leave us some may make it like an
experiment like we challenge you like
challenge us to write and answer
whatever fix fix something absolutely so
just leave us some of your suggestions
and we will definitely take a look at
that thank you guys so much for watching
we're at a new podcast room by the way
not completely set up I know there's a
little bit of an echo in here we're
still getting everything under control
better than others oh yeah this new
place is pretty sick not gonna lie but
we'll be back here hopefully next week
with the fan scription video and
hopefully the week after that we'll be
able to be back here on the podcast
talking about your changes to Star Wars
Episode six Return of the Jedi or just
Return of the Jedi what do you prefer
returning the just return yes I agree
wait to have the fan base just
completely eviscerate me hit Star Wars
no know what will happen will be like
any other stores things up 50% like
that's amazing they're 50% it's like you
are worse than Hitler
alright everybody I'm Walter this has
been Rob Walker and we'll talk to you
very soon thanks you guys for watching
bye guys do we do the rocky 4 thing with
[Music]
you